---
title: The Circus
description: '“Welcome, welcome to the Circus of, I hope you had a safe trip here.” You open your eyes...'
previewImage: 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dzvmhmqr0/image/upload/v1642861214/Articles%20Cover%20Image/the-circus_pwxttv.jpg'
content: 'The Blue Turtle'
design: 'Rushali Singh'
slug: 'the-circus'
category: misc
---

“Welcome, welcome to the _Circus of_ \*\*\* , I hope you had a safe trip here.” You open your eyes to a dim, dark world, seems like everything around you is two shades darker than it should be and there’s not much color in sight. You’re talking to a thin, slender, and tall man, he’s sporting a thin, long mustache and is dressed in a three-piece suit with a grin that seems like it's filled with malice, _“a creepy guy”_ you think to yourself. He beckons you to walk into the gate, into a wide area filled with various booths and tents. The man starts talking with a heavy-set, cold voice “Here at our humble abode we have nine major tents, each with their own class acts, sure to bring you much amusement. I don’t have much time to take you everywhere, but _I suppose you’ll like whatever I show you_.”

The man leads you towards a black and white tent around two stories tall and plenty big, its looming shadow runs chills down your spine. As you enter the tent, you see it’s designed in a typical circus fashion, with the stands all around and a center stage taking the spotlight. Suddenly, music starts playing, a manic tune that creeps you out; you notice a small car coming to a halt right in the center of the stage as three clowns pop out of the car’s doors. “As you can see, we’re just in time to view the final rehearsal of the _funny_ show,” the man says as he gestures to the stage. “They’re not regular clowns,” you think to yourself as you notice how their white-painted faces have streaks of black tears rolling down them and they clasp their hands together as if they’re scared of something. “Why don’t lions eat clowns here at the _Circus of_ \*\*n!” one of them yells out, “because they taste funny!” the other replies excitedly, the show starts off with a few distasteful jokes and they then proceed to hop on unicycles and perform various stunts, all while reciting jokes that get darker and darker with every passing minute. “What’s the difference between a car and a dead body?” One of the clowns sneers at his companions. “I don’t have a car in my garage!” screams the other as both erupt into a fit of cackles. You get disturbed as the cackles don’t seem to stop until the third clown shrieks out phrases that only a demented person would say, these clowns weren’t just weird, they were troubled you think to yourself. The man suddenly gets up and proceeds to walk out of the tent, inviting you to follow him.

“How did you like their performance?” the man asks as he walks towards the second tent. “It was twisted, something was definitely wrong with them, they need help” you reply. “Ah yes, that is indeed the case, the clowns you saw were all demented in some way or the other, they suffer from some sort of mental illness, a result of their past, it breeds their manic nature, the show becomes more _fun_ that way, wouldn’t you agree?” the man says as he pushes open the entrance of the second tent, beckoning me to enter. The second tent is designed as an area for a trapeze performance. But then the more you stare at the sight in front of you, the weirder it gets.

The trapeze artists are all dressed as regular people, you notice a few of them in button-up shirts and formal pants and notice the other few dressed in all casual outfits. The whole setup is fashioned as a classroom, with high tables as the stands for the edges, and a massive blackboard as a backdrop to the grotesque scene. The acrobats are swinging from rope to rope while flying in the air through rings of flame, all while a pool of a golden substance sits in a vat under them. The acrobats seem to be in a rush to perform as all of them start scrambling towards the rope, they seem to like the ring of flame, you also notice that a few trapeze artists, fall into the vat on purpose, “how unprofessional” you think to yourself. The man tells you to look closer at the trapeze setup and find that the trapeze setup isn't perfectly _normal_ either, you look closer at the flaming hoops and notice that they're made of cigarettes, hundreds of cigarettes all bunched together to make a hoop. “Welcome to **_trapèze de la dépendance_**,” says the man, now looking up with pride at the acrobats hurling themselves into the air. “You see the liquid in the bottom, yes?” questions the man. “What is that?” you reply. “It’s 151 proof rum” the man replies, “They take a great risk to do this no” “Yes, but all for the fame of the Circus of \*in!” the man exclaims with gusto. “Why would these people even want to do this? you ask, catching sight of the horrid lack of safety equipment. “You see, these people have no choice in the matter, aha.. well they do, but they won’t stop,” sneered the man. He went on “Their act is performed purely by will, they get together every day and rehearse the act, fulfilling their desires in the process. Poor souls once lost control of their lives because their curiosity beckoned them, and their lack of control finished the job, either way, more money for me.”

You then leave the tent along with the man, you feel numb after taking in all the sights you’ve just witnessed, mind racing and questions pouring into your mind about what you’ve just seen, the thoughts keep you occupied, paying no heed to where you're walking. After a minute or so of aimless walking, you find yourself back at the entrance to the circus. “Well, it's been a ball, but it is getting close to showtime so this is where our small tour ends, well, I hope you’ll be able to join our _merry troop_ sometime in the future.” the man says, and hands me a card. And just like that, without another word, he curtly turns around and walks toward the tents.

You read the card, it says,

_**“Mr. Daemonium Lucifer,
Ringmaster,
Circus of Sin**”_

---

**_Content by The Blue Turtle_**<br>
**_Design by Rushali Singh_**
